Chief Data Analyst
Responsibilities
a. Develop new analytical projects as part of the Foundation’s overall research programmer
b. Provide technical input into the development of research projects led by other members of the team
c. Collect, prepare and link large survey datasets for analysis
d. Conduct statistical analysis using Excel, SPSS and/or STATA and using advanced techniques when appropriate.
e. Build the Foundation’s growing network of policy experts, relevant stakeholders and academics


Big Data Solutions Architect
Responsibilities
a. Guide the full lifecycle of a Hadoop solution, including requirements analysis, platform selection, technical architecture design, application design and development, testing, and deployment.
b. Provide technical and managerial leadership in a team that designs and develops path breaking large-scale cluster data processing systems.
c. Help Xtremeinsights customers develop strategies that maximize the value of their data.
d. Help Xtremeinsights establish thought leadership in the big data space by contributing white-papers, technical commentary to the community.


Big Data Engineer
Responsibilities
a. Gather and process raw data at scale (including writing scripts, web scraping, calling APIs, write SQL queries, etc.).
b. Work closely with our engineering team to integrate your amazing innovations and algorithms into our production systems.
c. Process unstructured data into a form suitable for analysis – and then do the analysis.
d. Support business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed.


Big Data Researcher
Responsibilities
a. Extract data from a variety of relational databases, manipulate, explore data  using quantitative, statistical and visualization tools
b. Inform the selection of appropriate modeling techniques to ensure that predictive models are developed using rigorous statistical processes
c. Establish and maintain effective processes for validating and updating predictive models
d. Analyze, model, and forecast health service utilization patterns/ trends and create capability to model outcomes of what-if scenarios for novel health care delivery models
e. Collaborate with internal business, analytics and data strategy partners to improve efficiency and increase applicability of predictive models into the core software products
f. Help manage the innovation cycle of conducting analyses, generating insights, advocating for integration of new concepts into existing client tools, helping to translate ad-hoc analyses into scalable software solutions.


Data warehouse manager
Responsibilities
a. Develop and implement information management strategies.
b. Coordinate and manage information management solutions.
c. Scope, plan, and prioritize multiple projects.
d. Manage all aspects of the warehouses such as data sourcing, migration, quality, design, and implementation.

